RIP Davy Tiggywinkle	"Andy reports some tragic news from Cyprus, the prediction mind games increase, and we hear possibly the ultimate TTFN story…"
The Melchester Odyssey - Part 12	"Nat Gosden makes his Rovers debut, the nightmare of your ROTR issue not arriving in time, and Sunderland’s gated compounds."
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 35	"Kev tries to rid Maine Road of its booze culture. Plus Liam Gallagher, urine, and being drunk when grandma calls round."
It’s All About The Toppings	"A report from our secret compound, a gift for an atrocious criminal, a hot dog challenge, some ratings and some Aquafresh facts…"
Brighton Coining	"The ‘so what’ penalty, intense German predicting camps, and an encounter with the Coin Mistress during a seaside jaunt… "
Bates, Sudoku and the Merry Widow	"We finally reveal the identity of Britain’s Best Widow while Sam recounts the late 90’s pursuit of a legendary DJ…"
The Melchester Odyssey - Part 11	"Roy visits a kiddy hospital on Christmas Day, hits the release catch, and makes a stunning signing for Rovers"
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 34	"Kev moans about being England boss, Ron Atkinson’s TV-watching snack, Sam’s West Ham ticket office nightmare and surprising trip to Moscow…"
Delaney v Brandreth	"A mailbag delve with some Senor Dis ‘N’ Dat, a lion liar and a local vigilante. Plus a Timbrell update and Joey Barton’s dad."
Rate Your Fingers 	"Why Gary Lineker equals safety, the new wave of banter, some ratings, a Leniverse update, and we reveal Britain’s Best Widow… "
The Melchester Odyssey - Part 10	"Roy has a post-match showdown and Roy Jr turns into an apple dog witch. Meanwhile, is China controlling our wind?"
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 33	"Kev struggles with England as the Pigfaces of Fleet Street work their evil magic on him, in spite of a warning from Monte Fresco. And was Our Price a socialist utopia? "
Premier League Preview	"A look ahead at the new season, and also some stuff about Grange Hill deaths and the estate of Sir John Triffid."
Podcast For The Hooch Generation	"A mailbag delve, a trip to the Costa Brava with Rocky and Ricky, the introduction of our new game ‘Ratings’, and the spectacular departure of Scratchcard John."
Toxic Masculinity Buns	"Len’s many alter-egos, fast cars, diffusing football violence, a Budapest rig, and Paul Hollywood…"
Chocolating?	"Bits of all sorts - coins, rigs, dis, dat, Capes, badgers, work disciplinary, and a thieving stray man. Join our prediction league on the Soccer Saturday Super Six app with code 1PY8SY"
The Melchester Odyssey - Part 9	"Geoff Giles continues to torment Roy, who is more concerned with circumcision and presenting his plans for the nation to Mrs Thatcher. Meanwhile, the Queen shuts down Sky Sports…"
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 32	"Michael Jackson visits Fulham before Kev leaves for England and an ageism crisis. Also, ghost minorities… "
The Shanklin Report	"Sam brings us tales of coining and car booting on the Isle of Wight, and we discuss Geoff Capes' budgie-breeding motivations..."
The Melchester Odyssey - Part 8	"Racey has a sausage-fuelled nightmare – but can salvation arrive in the form of Lorraine Chase?"
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 31	"Kev moves to Fulham but we focus mainly on Mohamed Al-Fayed selling lions in Harrods and the magnificence of Ray Wilkins."
Geoff Capes Goes To Davos	"The strongest man of all time addresses members of the World Economic Forum. Plus widows’ rigs, crematorium bike lessons and gang rejection."
Pards For Monaco	"Alan Pardew, celebrity coins, Steve Bruce and a bit of Sid James. Oh, and an exclusive interview with Sam’s son Len. "
Ken S. Elliot 	"We discuss the new Cats and Top Gun film trailers. "
The Melchester Odyssey – Part 7	"We meet Victor Boskovic, discuss curly cables and Ben Galloway’s dreamland. Meanwhile, Roy pins his hopes on a trembling teenage keeper…"
The Keegan Odyssey – Part 30	"KK leaves Tyneside and goes on holiday as the nation mourns. Plus regeneration chat, royal connections and new front door research tips…"
Badger Stand-Off	"A mailbag delve with some fresh Senor Dis ‘n Dat, a toothpaste deep dive, a bit of ‘touchy touchy’ and our plans for the Potato Awards."
Franky Stu vs Suus Kiis	"John Pigface rings Broadmoor, we learn more about Big Galaxy’s hit TV show ‘Warrior’, there’s some John Timbrell info, and even some football talk…"
The Melchester Odyssey - Part 6 	"As his goalie has a breakdown, Roy fends off a tirade of fan abuse. Back at home, we see the Race family's space-age telly as concerns grow for Roy Jr’s welfare."
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 29	"Kev’s Newcastle exit looms into view, Sir John Hall lets the lads use his house while he’s in Spain and there’s a… VIP Stevie Wonder experience… "
Human Barbecue	"A mailbag delve including some Dis ‘n’ Dat tales, the nature of hotels and the notion of trust, holiday pets, summer fairs, and lots more…"
Blame The Alphabet	"Updates from England’s semi-final group activities in Earth Tournament and lots of revelations about camp life. Plus… shredding and fire."
Lord Sebastian’s Hotel	"Updates from Earth Tournament, Lampard arrives at Chelsea, and why football transfer news stinks."
The Melchester Odyssey - Part 5	"Charlie Carter has a mare, Paco Diaz gives it some dis ‘n’ dat, and Roy tries to salvage glory from disaster and Cretan revenge. "
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 28 	"KK’s disguise-aided pursuit of Shearer and enabling of Keith Gillespie’s addiction. Plus Les’s Leap, Ginola’s stinking fags, and Asprilla’s gun mayhem."
School Fairs And Narrowboats	"Find out what we’ve been up to at schools this weekend, what’s happening to the elephants’ tusks, and why we hate Holland &amp; Barrett…  "
Kylie's Eggs	"Sam's Kylie anecdote was too long to fit into the Monday episode so here it is on its own..."
Big Galaxy v Glastonbury	"An episode dominated by England v Argentina at Earth Tournament and Kylie at Glastonbury."
Massive Chip Spoon	"An update from Earth Tournament as well as the bird and squirrel scene. Also, we discuss which is more toxic - Archie Buchanan or Instagram?"
The Melchester Odyssey - Part 4	"A farewell lunch gets out of hand, there's a generic fans protest, Roy rips off his rivals, and Rovers’ season goes from bad to worse…"
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 27	"KK dwells on his Sky Sports outburst for far too long but forgets about Asprilla. He is also the bigger man v Fergie and has a slump instead of a prance."
Bumcrease	"Fresh mailbag action – some Dis ‘n’ Dat, some lies, and plans for a van…"
Tramp Hand	"An Earth Tournament update and some incredible off-the-pitch revelations, a swimming lesson story, and a citizen’s arrest…"
Xos Vin	"An Earth Tournament bombshell, some Leniverse team line-ups, and more Senor Dis ‘n’ Dat sightings…"
The Melchester Odyssey - Part 3	"Roy drops a transfer bombshell, the Portdean fans run wild at Melboro, we meet Penny Race and Roy gets his chopper out…"
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 26	"Ginola makes a pal, Kev sets up a courtroom, Cole moves to the middle of nowhere and then gives up before he is sold, enraging the Toon Army’s soldiers."
The Italian Urn	"A range of Senor Dis N’ Dat stories from the mailbag, as well as a fight with a homeless man."
Drug-Taking Idiot	"How to gain infamy on the Sky News sofa, a mini-dive into Sam’s Father’s Day gift, and a bus-driving courtroom liar…"
Earth Tournament 2019 Update	"A bonus episode, rounding up all of the Earth Tournament 2019 group stage action and the full draw for the second round. PLUS... an exclusive major transfer announcement."
Nick Knowles’ Self Surgery	"An Earth Tournament update ahead of this weekend’s final group matches, Andy’s logistical solutions, and a double whammy of self-defending men. Also, is this all a coma?"
The Melchester Odyssey - Part 2	"Roy waxes lyrical about the olive kebab, there’s some bungling and a rotten ref, and Roy and Blackie’s lock-in tactics are revealed… "
The Melchester Odyssey - Part 1	"Our new Roy of the Rovers 1980s deep dive gets underway. Two lads go from car park shovelling to first team starts, while another pair have an on-pitch clash…"
The First Keane Odyssey - Omnibus Episode	"Here's all seven episodes of the original Keane Odyssey, which looked at Roy's 'The Second Half' book, joined together into one massive 232-minute super episode. YAFFLE! "
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 25	"KK and Terry Mac take to the skies more than once, give Andy Cole some laundry tips, and feed some iffy meat to a monster as a mysterious burger van appears at the training ground… "
Davey The Canoe	"Some TV tips, a Cannon Dad offshoot story, Senor Dis &amp; Dat vs a wall, and the internet spies on Sam mid-episode…"
Batman’s Neck	"An update from the Earth Tournament, the Caped Crusader gives up reversing, and news about our next deep dive…"
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 19	"We reach the end of the Odyssey with the drama of Saipan, Roy looking forward to a bright future, and a man trapped in the Japanese sky forever…"
More Imaginary Football Worlds	"Some of the deluge of feedback we’ve had from listeners after our groundbreaking previous episode…"
Imaginary Football Worlds	"This is a long conversation from a Keegan Odyssey recording - but as it’s got nothing at all to do with KK, we’re putting it out as a separate extra episode."
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 24	"KK plans to capture the imagination of the whole country, we dip a toe into Brian Kilcline’s website, get life lessons from Cottee and Bowie and hear about Rob Lee and the boats."
Sports Bag Kebabs	"A John Timbrell update, more on Sam v Noel, and loads of chip shop and other fast food horror stories."
Chip Shop Anxiety	"On the coins, ghosts, and a whole host of chip-related stories…"
The Coin King	"Plans for our first West End musical are hatched, Sam reports from the Isle of Wight and we consider a home coin drop experience…"
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 18	"Ireland do the Harry’s Challenge and go to a Bryan Adams show in the middle of the night. Plus cheese sandwiches, dealing with drinking while you’re an alcoholic, and dressing up as a tiger. "
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 23	"Kev prevents the deaths of thousands of kids, Terry Mac enjoys exotica, Sir John Hall tells the truth and Brian Kilcline’s ponytail is chopped off."
The Hermit	"The ‘triggerproof' card, Sam’s experience of working with Jerry Springer, a school ice cream turf war, and a report from a National Trust compound…"
Tell Me It!	"Weekend World, cream cakes and Sam as the new Tory Prime Minister…"
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 17	"Roy has his own thing (not like those robot babies), gives Bosnich a blast, gets his revenge on Haaland, and we learn more about the mouth sandwich…"
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 22 	"Dirty toilets, arcade strategy, Geordie wincing, the Liverpool boot room washing instruction fact file, and Terry Mac does another prank."
Incredible Hulk v Tony Macaroni	"A beautiful IFS moment, the world’s best school, Brian Walden’s lying history, and the Hulk does kids parties…"
Creme Eggs And Gravestones	"We plan to sponsor a football team AND launch our Cold War festival. Plus, kicking a footballer when he’s down and calculating populations using the three ‘F’s "
Man Man	"Cosmic ordering, Paul Rudd, filthy stupid dolphins and Andy’s toxic relationship with Sam Allardyce. Shoot for the moon, everyone…"
The Keane Odyssey 2 – Part 16	"Roy has a 10-day city break for the 1999 Champions League Final, shares a hotel room with Denis Irwin, and avoids a Barcelona blinding."
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 21	"A football theme park, a return to Tyneside, trade fairs, and a burger van walk-out for Kev’s trusty number two…"
The Christmas Singing Lesson	"We plan a Yuletide concert, hear about George Michael’s emergency landing, swap a cheese plant in Norwich and use a Liverpool poster for ID… "
Meet The Controller	"As the Premier League season ends, we make summer plans to visit nuclear bunkers and the National Archive."
Massive Ice Cream Bowl	"Another mailbag delve, with rogue pubes, a shed-building addict, an oddball and some crack."
How Tall Are You?	"We talk about actual football, look forward to Bielsa v Lampard 2, and meet history’s original stray man…"
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 15	"Roy becomes a bad harlequin, scorns the city centre, and tries to stay normal."
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 20 	"Kev gets a mouth-ramming while trying to have a roadside nap, much to John Pigface’s delight.  </p><p>(Apologies for the slightly sub-par sound quality in this one - we've remixed it and updated it, so if you're hearing Andy as being significantly quieter than Sam, please delete your download and re-download it)"
Pulp The Badges!	"We launch the TFTM VIP Experience Day, remember shooting guns, and hear about a bad digger… "
East End Grass	"An interview with a groundsman goes wrong, a summer hole is dug, and we meet Sir John YouTube…  "
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 14	"Baby Solskjaer is almost squeezed into oblivion, Sir John Jazz invents jazz, Roy gets a windowless gym, and there's an insight into the Cockney community… "
The Keegan Odyssey – Part 19	"Kev realises his playing days are over, Terry McDermott pretends to be an Arab sheikh, and KK flies off into the sun… "
Mant	"Google Baby, a non-kidnapping kidnapper, the truth about blobs, Sam’s Viagra journalism, and more from the mailbag…"
The GIF Wizard	"How the 1980 Iranian embassy siege was ended by extreme predicting, Bielsa v Terry, and Manference 2022 is launched."
My Eyes Don’t Lie To Me	"Reaction to Keane v Neville, the PFA PL team assessed, and some dubious parenting admissions…"
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 13 	"A cockney turns up at Old Trafford, Roy has a fight in a bar, does his cruciate, gets obsessed with Neighbours again, and has a one-man Christmas party"
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 18	"To Tyneside, where Kev is greeted like a saviour but dropped by new England boss Bobby Robson, even after a world class performance against… Rotherham. Oh, and Nazi kittens."
Monkey’s Blood	"Another delve into the mailbag including a rejected tattoo, an update from the king of Chinatown, an attack from a stray woman, and NHS Dave…"
FIPA Revealed	"A plan to visit the Isle of Wight and invade Sealand, Gary Neville simmers to the point of boiling and the truth about the Windows 95 bin…"
Sam’s Birthday Pan	"Teenage boozing, playground memories, speed-predicting, a boxing confession and a last-gasp dog death escape… "
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 12	"Roy gets a bit sniffy about Cantona, Fergie makes some prank calls, we take a trip to Paperboy Heaven and Jason McAteer buys some dolls… "
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 17	"KK escapes to Germany to get his back fixed, Ron Greenwood orders eel pie from England and Trevor Brooking lands a Cockney assassin mission…"
Quick Quick, Come Quick!	"A clown on a roof, looking around in a pub in the olden days, William Shatner humps a mountain, a confession about The Bill, and Sam vs golf…"
Can Wasps Bite?	"And can ghosts upload videos of racism on to social media? Also, more Timbrell court action, Sam vs Geoff Shreeves and a rant about facts…"
Pivoting to Terrorism	"Sam gets offered a job on the official Isis magazine, the tyre man comes round, and we herald the return of self-defending courtroom king John Timbrell. Oh, and a hole lid..."
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 11	"Frank Lampard meets a van-driving enchanted football, we plan a podcast academy, Sam gives a talk at a posh school, plus the Poznan babies. Not much Roy in this one, sorry..."
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 16	"A vortex, a knee for a tooth, a cat and dog podcast, Tony Blair comes round for chilli con carne and the IRA target KK before he throws his toys out of the pram… "
Hand Cream?	"A farm offer, a stray man’s robot encounter, Strike It Lucky on Ecstasy, and a homemade cannon… "
Downstairs Grooming	"Predicting, vasectomies, abominable male behaviour and the dark truth about morris dancers…"
Dirty Garden Crab Boy	"Another round-up from the TFTM mailbag, including a Disney ambulance, hole exploration, the Brazilan animal lottery and Roy Keane in a maze… "
Dingo Stick	"Dog ham, parenting hell, smell blindness, and Sam comes out as a homosexual as the build-up to his birthday week begins…"
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 10 	"The truth about Roy’s lawyer, the pros and cons of wearing studs, more ticket-distribution agony, and the introduction of church merch…  "
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 15	"George Clooney, recyclable straws, Don Revie and Sir John Curtice in a Hollywood pub with George Lucas, England gets a new national anthem, and Kev’s ‘spirit animal’ is revealed. "
Vangelis and My Little Pony	"Fridge magnets, ghost stewards, the benefits of war, and a magnificent stray woman tale…"
A Cheeky Hamlet	"Illicit underage booze buying, a winding revival, ball injuries, a stray beach man and that…"
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 9	"Roy gets hooked on Tetris, goes watch-shopping with Lee Sharpe and is sniffed out by Professor Yaffle at USA 94…"
The Keegan Odyssey – Part 14	"KK finally pulls on the England shirt but soon gets a kicking in Eastern Europe over a fanny powder-smuggling mix-up…"
90s Bullying	"Fond recollections of a mugging, a short-lived stray man and why you shouldn’t interfere with Sunderland nature…"
Andorra With The Pig Men	"Some looking back AND ahead, assorted dog-related stuff, and an ill-fated press trip up a mountain…"
Sam and the Receptionist	"An emergency episode as Sam had some stuff he needed to share - a receptionist run-in, a school dog story and a superb sex fail/stray man saga..."
Fertile Or Infertile?	"Sam’s summer camp fighting memories, the launch of our podcast training course, Patrice Evra’s spunky outburst, and… space herpes?"
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 8	"Jack Walker’s beeping, fizzing fax machine fails to do its job and Kenny Dalglish pursues Roy to Cyprus in an attempt to sue him…  "
The Keegan Odyssey – Part 13	"Double K vows to win the league with Southampton but makes Alan Ball cry. Also, some violence, a sexy woman and a pint of prawns…"
Raspberry Ripple Moustache	"The royal penalty shoot-out decider, Wacky Races, magnets, Newton’s Blouson, ghostly hit and run and more Archie Buchanan tales…"
Staring At The Ocean	"Service station ruminations, karaoke etiquette, Harris or Gallen, and saying yes to stuff you’re too embarrassed to say no to…"
Lion or Seagull?	"We learn more about our random fixture generator, ResultsBot has a filings-fuelled tantrum, we hear about a road race with a German legend and why Bill Clinton always gets the plane seat he wants…"
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 7	"A trip to Jersey, a shallow dive into Bergerac, Sam’s Father’s Day meltdown, and Roy is appalled by his team mates’ homes… "
The Keegan Odyssey – Part 12	"KK gets a goodbye ship, is asked to bring a light fitting home from Germany and narrowly misses out on some fanny powder. Also, Steve Wright gets stuck in his car…"
Christopher Timothy v George Lucas	"A clash of two showbiz heavyweights (and their wingmen), as well as some ingenious shoplifting and relief for the Old Trafford WAGs…"
The Perils Of Concentrating	"A four-decade lie, driving alone for relaxation, the tranquiliser day experience, NASA cheese, and why you can’t burn a ghost… "
Funeral Victims?	"Not an apocalypse special, but lots of haunting advice, some stuff about wake buffets, a stray interloper, and the weekend’s football predictions…"
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 6	"We get sidetracked with George Lucas, Sam has a run-in with Rio Ferdinand’s alien advisors, and lots of stuff about hiding from people See you all UPTOWN!"
The Keegan Odyssey – Part 11	"Kev gets tapped up in a toilet, revels in disguises, becomes a pop star in the Music Larder, and bids farewell to Hamburg. (Also incudes a James Bond diversion)"
Stray Birthday	"A mailbag delve, including a 32-year-old stray man pretending to be a schoolboy, a confession of a theft from God and a hugely traumatic sex fail…"
Scouse Wind	"Jason Cundy on period dramas, Sir John Meals, Sam’s brief steroid addiction, pre-Brexit Asda dystopia, and we urge John Inverdale to speak out against knife crime."
Bonds… Or Hurlock?	"Sam’s prediction downfall veers into view, we foresee a West Ham stand-unveiling ambush, plus some mailbag delving… "
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 5	"Roy falls foul of Mr Ticket, embraces classic disco, gets familiar with the Forest pitch, power-plays Jack Charlton and sows the seeds of the McCarthy feud…  "
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 10	"Kev fails to buy a fuse, becomes stray, apologises to a town, acquires some cheap meat from a teammate, and grows some mighty muscles…  "
Dads On Roofs	"Another mailbag delve - hoovered quad bikes, ‘hot-boxing’, distillery tours, a new deep dive candidate, a 747 loop-the-loop and some Thomas Gravesen majesticness."
Dismantled Millennium Falcon	"The Oscars, Lysette Anthony, Cockneys, North Korea, Graeme Souness’ latest masterclass, Puel’s coin-drop future and nothing about Kepa…"
Senor Dis 'n' Dat	"Sam v Avis Spain, and some match predictions."
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 4	"Clough gives Roy his first set of wheels then punches him in the face, but Roy makes up for it with a great night out in Sidetrax in Cork. Plus some stuff about Pinocchio and the Queen’s data systems needs…  "
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 9	"  </p><p>Kev gets a kicking and a clock, is smudged by Busby, tears himself away from Liverpool for the money, puts a dog on a bidet, and gets a perm… "
Brother Penguin	"Mailbag time - a shoeless stray man sex fail, some cricketing lies, a senseless Koi Carp attack, a vetting stick, and we make plans to visit the Boat Show…"
Don’t Let Grandma Know	"Hiding a dog childbirth situation in your bedroom, Sam’s brother goes part-stray, and we ask if ResultsBot has a gender. Oh, and a TFTM badge update…"
Dear Alan Yentob...	"We plan to take over BBC’s ‘This Week, Frank Lampard heads for Brighton, and we dissect Pele’s bullshit goal…"
The Keane Odyssey 2 – Part 3	"Roy displays contempt for his new teammates and is forced to drink milk before a road trip with Brian Clough. Also, we hear from Graeme Souness and George Weah…"
The Keegan Odyssey – Part 8	"Kev encounters a coffin, a medallion and a sword before Bob Paisley takes over - and Tommy Smith acts as a character witness after KK gets punchy…"
Skittish Laminating	"We dip our snouts into the correspondence trough again - includes stray men, teenage nicking, fresh bullshit, dad bollocks and a renewed attack on the character of Frank Lampard…"
The Nature of Greed	"We pitch a underground disaster movie to David Lynch, look into river-on-river violence, and explore Frank Lampard's bid for automatic promotion based on good manners..."
The Keane Odyssey 2 – Part 2	"Unemployed Roy sinks into a ‘half life’ and becomes obsessed with Neighbours before getting a job eating chocolate, George Weah backs a demolition start-up, and Nottingham Forest come calling… "
Robot Hutchence	"Some ants, we pitch a Radio 4 comedy, ResultsBot gets up to no good on his own, teenage shoplifting and the heat is on for one unlucky kid…"
The Keane Odyssey 2 - Part 1	"Roy’s origin story begins with Basil Fawlty, a record-breaking breakfast, some mucky books and a love affair with a daytime soap… "
The Keegan Odyssey - Part 7	"A telepathy show trial, Kev is recruited by MI5, a Tommy Smith boot deal rip-off, Shankly recruits from graduation ceremonies then brings the LOLs to Liverpool then leaves… "
Confident Rich Kids	"A delve into the mailbag reveals unsavoury iPod control, a shark-based TV pitch, a stray man who doesn’t stray too far, possibly the best day off school EVER, and loads more…"
Pint Of Saint Clement’s Please	"We launch the Iron Filings Society, Sam gets up on a table, we hear an adoption lie story and there’s a horrifying cat story (which might upset some of you)…"
Hello and welcome	"Thank you for becoming a valued member of the Iron Filings Society. This mini-episode is designed to test your exclusive RSS feed that you'll need to put into your podcast app of choice. Let us know if you've got any problems and we'll scratch our heads for a bit..."
The Badger/Stoat/Hawk/Rabbit Axis	"Incredible sport, the refuelling habits of druids, England’s Earth Tournament final opponents are revealed, and there's a magnificent Lewis Collins story…"
